Help me design a website (accessible by desktop and phone), where I can do this:

1. Put out a survey collection form for respondents to select for their availability (if at the backend, I select a particular month, the internal form should automatically be created with all weekday shifts (9-11, 11-2, 2-5 and 5-8) and weekend shifts (8-12, 12-4, 4-8) for that month without me manually needing to create the form. Depending upon what date is a weekday and what is a weekend according to a month, the form should get created (see the code below about this)

2. It should collect all the responses and store them internally, accessible by me.

4. Once I close the form, on the backend, the system should automatically allot equal number of shifts for categories of respondents: AFP category where each of the 4 (or 5) AFPs get 3-4 hours of shift time and General category where after AFP allotment, the remaining shifts should be divided equally in all the respondents in such a manner that the number of hours they should get should be within 1-2 standard deviation of the average. Basically I should be able to select which respondents go to which category (AFP, General, Penalty) and so on, and the category should be customized accordingly. 

5. The system should be customizable in a way that it allows me to manually change final allocation hours if someone is being penalized for a month.

6. It should also ensure that if someone has given such less availability that they're way below the average number of hours, it should not collapse and allot them a decent number of shifts, as close to the average while keeping others closest to the average.

7. It should ensure that everyone only gets shift they chose and not a shift they did not choose. 

8. There should be a statistical analysis on the backend of availability according to overall response by a respondent about each shift type etc., and also a statistical analysis on the backend post-allocation to show how many of each type of shift allotted to someone, total hours, average and so on.